---
title: 'Welcome to our Summer 2016 interns!'
date: 2016-05-28
permalink: /posts/2016/05/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Olson-Strom
  - Fisher
  - Douros
  - He
  - interns
---

Welcome to the three visiting students who will be interning in the lab over the summer:
<ul>
	<li><b>Solveig Olson-Strom</b> (interning from May 30 to August 8) is a Linguistics and Cognitive Science major at Pomona College (Class of 2018). She found the field of linguistics because of an interest in learning other languages, sparked by living in Germany. She is currently studying Chinese and Italian. Her interests include multilingualism, psycholinguistics, and semantics.</li>
	<li><b>Emily Fisher</b> (interning from May 30 to August 25) is an incoming freshman at Georgetown University with an intended double major in Linguistics and Chinese. She has spent two summers in China studying Mandarin, including an internship at iKids TV, a Shanghai-based company that creates apps for teaching English to children. Closer to home, Emily has created an American culture and English language tutoring service, "Practice English with an American," for Chinese students in the US. In her free time, Emily enjoys skiing and playing violin in chamber ensembles.</li>
	<li><b>Darby Douros</b> (interning from June 15 to September 9) is a rising second-year at The University of Chicago. She became interested in language acquisition and multilingualism in studying French and Spanish and babysitting bilingual kids. Outside her Linguistics major and Philosophy minor, DJ serves as album coordinator for her a cappella group, Unaccompanied Women, works as a barista, and devours crossword puzzles.</li>
<!--	<li><b>Xiaoge He</b> (interning from June 28 to September 8) joins us from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in China. After participating in the linguistics lab at her home university in her senior year, she promptly found her passion in phonetics and language acquisition. She has been an active researcher on projects addressing topics such as speech enhancements associated with hearing aids and the online processing of focus information. Her passion for linguistics has only strengthened through her experimental research, and she plans to continue research in graduate school.</li> -->
</ul>
