---
title: 'Welcome to Summer 2017 labbies!'
date: 2017-05-18
permalink: /posts/2017/05/blog-post/
tags:
  - Cao
  - Dong
  - Fisher
  - Hu
  - Hennegen
  - Martin
  - Eichlin
  - Templeton
  - Yazghi
  - Yoon
  - Hollfelder
  - Ripin
  - Samejon
  - Sun
  - interns
---

Welcome to the twelve students, and two recent graduates, who will be joining the lab this summer:
<ul>
 	<li><b>Kun Cao</b> is a rising senior majoring in Biomedical Engineering. Her interests are in the linguistics and acquisition of Chinese.</li>
 	<li><b>Juno Dong</b> (interning from May 23 to August 4) is a rising senior majoring in Global Studies and French at Colby College. Her interests are in language acquisition and bilingualism.</li>
 	<li><span><strong>Christy Eichlin</strong> is a rising senior majoring in English and French. Her interests are in French linguistics and phonology.</span></li>
 	<li><b>Emily Fisher</b> (interning from May 23 to August 25) is a rising sophomore majoring in Linguistics at Georgetown University. Her interests are in Chinese linguistics and acquisition.</li>
 	<li><b>Kendra Hennegen</b> is an incoming graduate student in the Speech, Language, and Hearing Sciences program. Her interests are in language acquisition, cultural communication differences, multilingualism, and communication disorders.</li>
 	<li><b>Jennifer Hollfelder</b> (interning from August 1 to August 25) is a rising senior at Needham High School. Her interests are in phonetics, syntax, language acquisition, neuroscience, and multilingualism.</li>
 	<li><b>Xinwen Hu</b> is a second-year graduate student in the Applied Linguistics MA program. Her interests are in second language acquisition, bilingualism, phonetics, and the relationship between music and language learning.</li>
 	<li><b>Katie Martin</b> (interning from June 5 to August 4) is a rising senior majoring in Linguistics at Yale University. Her interests are in language acquisition, multilingualism, language preservation, and experimental linguistics.</li>
 	<li><b>Abigail Ripin</b> is a rising sophomore majoring in French and Linguistics. She is interested in dialect variation, language contact, multilingualism, and language disorders.</li>
 	<li><b>Kevin Samejon</b> <span>(interning from June</span><span> 15 to August 31) </span>is a recent graduate of the Applied Linguistics MA program at Biola University. His interests are in language acquisition and processing, bi-/multilingualism, psycholinguistics, and phonetics and phonology.</li>
 	<li><b>Sharmaine Sun</b> is a rising junior majoring in Linguistics and International Relations. She is interested in sociolinguistics.</li>
 	<li><b>Rachel Templeton</b> (interning from July 10 to August 25) is a recent graduate of Stonehill College with a major in Psychology. She is interested in psycholinguistics, neurolinguistics, and bilingualism.</li>
 	<li><b>Amira Yazghi</b> is a rising sophomore majoring in Health Sciences and minoring in Psychology. Her interests are in language acquisition, language variation, and language change.</li>
 	<li><b>Wayne Yoon</b> is a rising senior majoring in Linguistics. He is interested in theoretical syntax and bilingualism.</li>
</ul>
