---
title: 'Welcome to the Summer 2018 labbies!'
date: 2018-05-21
permalink: /posts/2018/05/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - Bombardo
  - Clapp
  - Huang
  - Li
  - Quinn
  - Shao
  - interns
---

Welcome to the six students who will be joining the lab this summer:
<ul>
 	<li><b>Aspen Bombardo</b><span> is a rising sophomore majoring in Speech, Language, and Hearing Sciences. Her interests are in</span><span> language production and language learning, especially phonetic and phonological acquisition in learners of English as a second language</span><span>.</span></li>
 	<li><b>Will Clapp</b><span> is a second-year PhD student in Linguistics. His interests are in</span><span> phonetics, phonology, and psycholinguistics.</span></li>
 	<li><b>Ziwei (Jo) Huang</b> (interning from June 25 to August 16) is a rising senior majoring in Linguistics and Organizational Studies at Pitzer College. Her interests are in applied linguistics, multilingualism, language development, and language education.</li>
 	<li><b>Xiyuan (Jessica) Li</b> (interning from May 29 to July 21) is a rising junior majoring in Chinese and Bilingual Studies at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Her interests are in<span> bilingualism, psycholinguistics, and neurolinguistics</span>.</li>
 	<li><b>Shane Quinn</b> (interning from May 20 to August 23) is a rising senior majoring in Linguistics and Arabic at Georgetown University. His interests are in<span> multilingualism, language endangerment, language documentation, and revitalization, especially as pertains the acquisition of endangered languages</span>.</li>
 	<li><b>Yueliang Shao</b> is a second-year MA student in Linguistics. His interests are in<span> phonetics, phonology, and psycholinguistics.</span></li>
</ul>
<span>And a warm welcome back to Qian and Wayne!</span>
