---
title: 'Welcome to the Fall 2020 labbies!'
date: 2020-09-04
permalink: /posts/2020/09/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Asaro
  - Brown
  - Dionne
  - He
  - Kellogg
  - Sanchez
  - Subrahmanyam
  - interns
---

Welcome to the seven students who will be joining the lab this semester (virtually):
<ul>
 	<li><b>Allie Asaro</b> (SAR '20) is a senior majoring in Speech, Language, and Hearing Sciences. An aspiring speech-language pathologist, she is interested in bilingual language acquisition and implications for the field of speech-language pathology, especially for distinguishing between language difference and disorder.</li>
 	<li><b>Jack Brown</b> (CAS '22) is a junior double-majoring in Spanish and Latin American Studies and minoring in Portuguese and Brazilian Cultural Studies. His interests are in language contact, language acquisition in immigrant contexts, Romance linguistics, and the linguistics of indigenous Andean languages.</li>
 	<li><b>Danielle Dionne</b> (GRS '23) is a third-year PhD student in Linguistics. She is working in the lab as a research fellow for the 2020-21 academic year. Her interests include phonetics, bilingualism, cross-linguistic pragmatics, and computational linguistics.</li>
 	<li><b>Yuhao He</b> (CAS '21) is a senior majoring in Computer Science and minoring in Linguistics. His interests are in computational linguistics, natural language processing, and phonetics.</li>
 	<li><b>Jackson Kellogg</b> (GRS '25) is a first-year PhD student in Linguistics. His interests are in phonetics, language acquisition, and typology, with a particular interest in phonetic drift and language rhythm. He completed his master's degree at Arizona State University with a thesis entitled "A Rhythmic Analysis of Scottish Gaelic Using Durational Metrics".</li>
 	<li><b>Maya Sanchez</b> is a senior majoring in Linguistics at Barnard College of Columbia University. Her interests are in multilingualism and phonetics. Her senior thesis is focusing on bilingual English and Spanish speakers and their use (or non-use) of "Spanglish" in their everyday lives.</li>
 	<li><b>Yash Subrahmanyam</b> (CAS '23) is a sophomore majoring in Computer Science and minoring in Linguistics. His interests are in language acquisition, multilingualism, sociolinguistics, and computational linguistics.</li>
</ul>
<span>And a warm welcome back to Michael, Felix, Kevin, and Shane!</span>
