---
title: 'Paper in PLoS ONE (Lopiccolo & Chang)'
date: 2021-12-16
permalink: /posts/2021/12/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - Chang
  - Lopiccolo
  - PLoS ONE
  - publications
---

A paper entitled "<a href="https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0261146" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Cultural factors weaken but do not reverse left-to-right spatial biases in numerosity processing: Data from Arabic and English monoliterates and Arabic-English biliterates</a>" (Lopiccolo &amp; Chang, 2021) has been published in the open-access journal <i>PLoS ONE</i>.
<p style="padding-left: 30px;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Abstract</span>: Directional response biases due to a conceptual link between space and number, such as a left-to-right hand bias for increasing numerical magnitude, are known as the SNARC (Spatial-Numerical Association of Response Codes) effect. We investigated how the SNARC effect for numerosities would be influenced by reading-writing direction, task instructions, and ambient visual environment in four literate populations exemplifying opposite reading-writing cultures—namely, Arabic (right-to-left script) and English (left-to-right script). Monoliterates and biliterates in Jordan and the U.S. completed a speeded numerosity comparison task to assess the directionality and magnitude of a SNARC effect in their numerosity processing. Monoliterates’ results replicated previously documented effects of reading-writing direction and task instructions: the SNARC effect found in left-to-right readers was weakened in right-to-left readers, and the left-to-right group exhibited a task-dependency effect (SNARC effect in the smaller condition, reverse SNARC effect in the larger condition). Biliterates’ results did not show a clear effect of environment; instead, both biliterate groups resembled English monoliterates in showing a left-to-right, task-dependent SNARC effect, albeit weaker than English monoliterates’. The absence of significant biases in all Arabic-reading groups (biliterates and Arabic monoliterates) points to a potential conflict between distinct spatial-numerical mapping codes. This view is explained in terms of the proposed Multiple Competing Codes Theory (MCCT), which posits three distinct spatial-numerical mapping codes (innate, cardinal, ordinal) during numerical processing—each involved at varying levels depending on individual and task factors.</p>
This study followed Open Science practices, and all materials and data are publicly accessible via the Open Science Framework at <a href="https://osf.io/fq8ka/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://osf.io/fq8ka/</a>. Dominique, an alum of the lab, is now a Research Assistant in the Numerical Brain Lab at Vanderbilt University.
