---
title: "Welcome to the Summer 2021 labbies!"
date: 2021-05-16
permalink: /posts/2021/05/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Angell
  - Fraser
  - Reguera
  - Olds
  - Rigor
  - interns
---

Welcome to the five students who will be joining the lab this summer (virtually):
<ul>
 	<li><b>Sam Angell</b> is a rising senior at Columbia University majoring in East Asian Studies with a special concentration in Linguistics. His interests are in historical linguistics, language acquisition, multilingualism, and East Asian languages such as Mandarin Chinese and Japanese.</li>
 	<li><b>Katherine (Kate) Fraser</b> (BU CAS '22) is a rising senior majoring in Linguistics and minoring in History. The recipient of a <a href="https://www.bu.edu/urop/apply/special-awards/humanities-scholars-award/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">UROP Humanities Scholars Award</a>, she is interested in language acquisition and multilingualism.</li>
 	<li><b><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/cristinaregomez/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Cristina Reguera Gómez</a></b> is a Fulbright Scholar from Spain completing a master's in Intercultural Communication at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC). An experienced language teacher, she is interested in bilingualism/multilingualism, language acquisition, and psycholinguistics.</li>
 	<li><b>Tyler Olds</b> is a rising senior at Columbia University double-majoring in Linguistics and Philosophy. Their interests are in language acquisition, cognitive and social development, philosophy of mind, and cognitive science.</li>
 	<li><b>Samantha (Sam) Rigor</b> (BU CAS '24) is a rising sophomore double-majoring in Linguistics and Computer Science. Her interests are in language acquisition, multilingualism, and sociolinguistics.</li>
</ul>
<span>And a warm welcome back to Danielle, Felix, Jackson, Kevin, and Michael!</span>
