---
title: 'Welcome to the Summer 2022 labbies!'
date: 2022-05-19
permalink: /posts/2022/05/blog-post-3/
tags:
  - Briskin
  - Mugar
  - Gelblicht
  - Duchnowski
  - Geng
  - Carl
  - Krinsky
  - Zhang
  - Hutter
  - Wu
  - Wang
  - interns
---

Welcome to the eleven students who will be joining the lab this summer:
<ul>
 	<li><b>Adi Briskin</b> is a rising sophomore at Washington University in St. Louis double-majoring in English and Linguistics. Her interests are in language acquisition.</li>
 	<li><b>Eliana Mugar</b> (BU CAS ’23) is a rising senior majoring in Linguistics and Computer Science. Her interests are in computational linguistics, multilingualism, language acquisition, phonetics/phonology, and sociolinguistics.</li>
 	<li><strong>Elise Gelblicht</strong> (BU CGS '24) is a rising junior majoring in Speech, Language, and Hearing Sciences. Her interests are in multilingualism, language acquisition, phonetics, and Korean.</li>
 	<li><b>Erik Duchnowski</b> is a rising junior at Boston University Academy. He is interested in phonetics, bilingualism, Polish, Mandarin Chinese, Spanish, Hebrew, and Latin.</li>
 	<li><b>Jiaqi (Jenny) Geng</b> is a recent graduate of the University of California at Davis, where she majored in Psychology. Her interests are in bilingualism, language acquisition, language production, and sociocultural factors.</li>
 	<li><b>Marissa Carl</b> is a rising senior at Mount Holyoke College double-majoring in Psychology and Spanish. Her interests are in bilingualism and multilingualism, second language acquisition, phonology, the relationship between phonetics and multilingualism at different stages of development, Spanish, Dutch, and Chinese.</li>
 	<li><strong>Peyton Krinsky</strong> is a rising junior at Tufts University majoring in Cognitive &amp; Brain Sciences, Computer Science, and Music. His interests are in language cognition, the biological mechanisms that undergird second language acquisition, cognitive benefits associated with multilingualism, and Spanish.</li>
 	<li><strong>Steven Zhang</strong> is a rising junior at St. Mark's School. He is interested in general linguistics, Spanish, Mandarin, and English.</li>
 	<li><strong>Will Hutter</strong> is a rising senior at the Roxbury Latin School. He is interested in general linguistics, computational linguistics, Spanish, and Latin.</li>
 	<li><strong>Yifan Wu</strong> is a rising senior at Xiamen University, China, majoring in English. Her interests are in general linguistics.</li>
 	<li><strong>Yin Wang</strong> (BU GRS '23) is a rising second-year master's student in Linguistics. His interests are in semantics, experimental pragmatics, sociophonetics, and the psycholinguistics of bilingualism.</li>
</ul>
<span>And a warm welcome back to Danielle, Felix, Jackson, Kate, Kevin, and Sam!</span>
