---
title: 'Welcome to the Spring 2024 labbies!'
date: 2024-01-15
permalink: /posts/2024/01/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - Garstang
  - Jin
  - Nazari
  - Ray
  - Sulkin
  - Wheeler
  - Xie
  - UROP
  - RAs
  - interns
---

Welcome to the seven new students who will be joining the lab this spring:
<ul>
 	<li><b>Jade Ling Garstang</b> (BU GRS ’25) is a first-year MA student in Linguistics. She is interested in language variation, speech perception, and Asian languages, particularly indigenous ones like the Japanese Ryukyuan languages.</li>
 	<li><b>Madelyn (Maddie) Jin</b> (BU CAS ’26) is a second-year student minoring in Linguistics and majoring in Computer Science. She is currently working on a UROP-funded project involving the speech rhythm of Asian-American English. Her broader interests include bilingualism, phonetics, and natural language processing.</li>
 	<li><b>Iliad Nazari</b> is a third-year undergraduate student in Linguistics at the University of Minnesota. He is very interested in Central Asian languages. His research interests are in phonetics, language acquisition, and the psycholinguistics of multilingualism.</li>
 	<li><b>Jupitara Ray</b> (BU GRS '25) is a fourth-year PhD student in Linguistics, broadly interested in phonetics and phonology, sociolinguistics, bi/multi-lingualism in the diasporic community, etc. A research fellow in the lab in Spring 2024, she is currently working on her dissertation prospectus on phonetic accommodation and drift of Indian English speakers in India and the US.</li>
 	<li><b>Liza Sulkin</b> (BU GRS ’26) is a third-year PhD student in Linguistics. Her research interests include fast speech phenomena in Slavic languages, tongue twister production in native and non-native speakers and sociophonetics of lesbian speech. Currently, she is working on an acoustic analysis of lesbian women’s spontaneous speech to examine differences in production based on speakers’ self-described gender presentation.</li>
 	<li><b>Rebecca (Becca) Wheeler</b> (BU GRS ’27) is a second-year PhD student in Linguistics completing a qualifying paper in the lab, tentatively entitled “Effect of non-native articulation rate on foreigner-directed speech production”.</li>
 	<li><b>Xuehan (Annie) Xie</b> (BU GRS ’24) is a first-year MA student in Linguistics. Her interests encompass the intersection of language acquisition, bilingualism/multilingualism, Mandarin phonology, and syntax.</li>
</ul>
<span>And a warm welcome back to Jason and Sara!</span>
