---
title: 'Tseng, Chang, et al. publish book with Routledge'
date: 2025-07-29
permalink: /posts/2025/07/blog-post-3/
tags:
  - Chang
  - Tseng
  - Lopez
  - Leal
  - Lee
  - Routledge
  - publications
---

Congratulations to Prof. Chang, along with Profs. Amelia Tseng, Tania Leal, Jin Sook Lee, and Belem G. López, on the publication of their book <a href="https://www.taylorfrancis.com/books/mono/10.4324/9781003352495/research-heritage-speaker-bilingualism-amelia-tseng-belem-l%C3%B3pez-charles-chang-jin-sook-lee-tania-leal" target="_blank"><i>Research in Heritage Speaker Bilingualism: Theories, Methods, and Designs</i></a> with Routledge!
<p style="padding-left: 30px;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Abstract</span>: <i>Research in Heritage Speaker Bilingualism</i> unites diverse methodological perspectives on heritage language research, offering insights into key research questions, experimental designs, research techniques, and instruments used to investigate heritage languages. This ambitious volume covers a variety of linguistic, affective, social, and educational perspectives, all related to heritage language research. Each chapter provides a state-of-the-art overview of the topic under discussion with examples from a variety of heritage languages, is written in a highly accessible way featuring activities, and leads to further research literature. Readers are guided through theoretical background, research justification, creation, use, and the possible outcomes of key research methods. This exciting text is an invaluable resource for graduate as well as advanced undergraduate students in second language acquisition, language learning, and heritage languages.</p>
